But it wasn't in another quarter.
I thought, that's funny.
I thought, well, it's funny.
He left it out.
I wonder why he left it out.
And when I was reading it, it said, against death and all oblivious enmity.
He thought, live in, as a syllable on the same root.
but it was inserted into a bigger word, so that's why I hadn't seen it first, but I was laughing.
He does funny things like that.
Well, you're talking about it.
You're doing so many of these poems.
Do you mindfully memorize them, or is it just... No, I don't know them all.
I mean, I know pieces of it.
Oh, I know the title.
Oh, I know how I remember the... I couldn't have recited to you the first gloss, for instance, but it's there in my mind, and every baddest little gesture is there.
so they're they're lodged in different ways some of them are lodged completely some of them are lodged in parts i'm only by the title i couldn't find the title i forgot the title lions in sweden for you so i had to go looking for the poem itself because i knew the vegetation still abounds with forms and stuff like that and i knew the fourth true authentic race was there um and then just i'll just one other thing and by the way i offer this if you'd like
I'm more than happy to show you the quotes of yours I use.
Sure, just sometimes because one is sloppy sometimes.
I'm very happy to get it right.
I have no problems.
I do this at my carol sometimes.
You have to use that.
I've seen nothing in this conversation with you giving my applause.
No, but even so, when the first call did the interview over the telephone, and then they sent it to me, and some of the sentences were redundant and sloppy, and I would scream them up again.
I'd like to do that.
Sure, I'd love that.
And just one other thing, if you could just give me a little quote of yours, the poem can be a companion through life.
And if you could just give me a little bit of a riff on that, if you don't mind.
Sure.
Well, I spent a lot of time winning poems by heart in my youth.
And I learned 15 or 16 Shakespeare's sonnets when I was maybe 15.
I learned most of all things.
I learned various things of Wordsworth, lots of Dylan Thomas at the time.
This was all 15, 16, 17 while I was in high school, once I woke up to
the fact that poetry was about adult life.
I also loved the psalms because they were dangerous poems.
They were the first dangerous poems I knew that responded.
I did an interview in a book called Communion about, you're supposed to tell a book of the Bible.
It influenced you, and I wrote an essay on psalms saying we were the only wild
poetry I knew about, you know, I shall break their children's heads on those terrific stuff.
And I was so wild inside myself as an adolescent that I didn't have anything mirroring that back to me except the sound.
So it was how I learned about emotional life and through poetry.
And if you don't memorize it, you don't have it to take around with you on street cars and so forth.
So since I was stuck hanging back and forth to school,
I needed something to do with my head, and so I would say these poems over to myself.
And I find you possess them very differently when you know them by heart.
So even dangerous poems can be companions through life?
Oh, yeah.
I think, you know, I remember memorizing Hopkins was also dangerous when he says, and I don't know if you know his poem, it's called Carrie and Humphrey, and he wants to be at suicide.
He raises himself against committing suicide and says,
I will not carry in comfort despair, not feast on thee.
Mat and twist, slack they may be, these last strands of man in me.
And so it's, you know, a spell against despair.
How is it dangerous for you, though?
Well, suicide was considered wrong in the upbringing I had.
And so somebody flirting, you might say, whether it was Sylvia Plath, laser, and sex, and so forth, then it was Hopkins.
Somebody flirting with the idea of suicide, which was very agreeable to me at the time.
He was very attractive to me at the time, the idea of suicide.
So somebody coming to that brink and writing about it, or, my own hand, let me more have pity on, let me live to my sad self, be laughter, kind, charitable, not live
this tormented mind with this tormented mind, tormenting, yes.
You know, it's Hopkins, you know.
I don't know how to let me more have opinion on it.
So the tormented mind, tormenting the tormented mind, was something I knew about that I'd never seen said.
And some of it you respected.
By anybody.
It resonated with you in a way.
Well, yes, it matched my feelings.
And so... But in a poetic way, would it have had the same impact if it was something like your written poems?
Nothing made much of an impact on me.
I like non-fiction posts very much, especially a kind of explaining something to me that I don't like scientific.
That's, you know, popularizing science.
And I like biography, if it's short.
I hate to make facts dumps.
But I like a well-written biography.
I need somebody like Wendell Gordon-Rawkes.
That's fine.
The direct transfusion of emotion from one person to another only seemed to me in my youth to happen in music and poetry.
Novels were too diffuse and worldly and often comic or ironic, and I wanted the straight heroine of emotion intravenously transfused, and music did it very much for me, and so did poetry.
And music continues.
Yes.
And so, could you name some of the companions, the poetic companions, that have the confidence in you of your life?
Well, all your poets do once you acquire them.
I mean, the first poet I seriously acquired was Shakespeare, the second one was Keats, but not Shakespeare's plays.
I mean, just the lyrics, just the song, not Venus, or Dallas, of course.
But there was Shakespeare, there was Keats, then there was Dylan Thomas when I was 15.
And then there was Hopkins also when I was 16.
And then there was Gates.
He was the next big one.
And then there were the ones I've written.
I came across George Herbert quite early.
I don't quite remember how.
But he was one of them.
And I wanted to write my second book on Herbert, but I realized I didn't know enough about the Renaissance.
So I had to postpone it.
And I wrote my second book on Wallace Stevens, who was the next poet that I was enamored of.
And then it was Herbert.
And then I went back to Shakespeare and so on, and, um... See, everyone in your name has been a giant.
Was there any poets that made an impression on you early in life when you've gone back up and said, I can't see why they're so excited?
I mean, we came... I mean, like Thomas Wolfe, you know, I read him as a kid.
I was thinking he was fabulous.
And then reading him,
As I got older, I can't, you know, you have to be young.
I did like to be young.
But some of them last.
I mean, like, husband lasts.
You go back to him when he's very tough, as well as being very wistful.
But everything is that Millet didn't hold up, for instance.
I think she was the only one, probably.
Did you enjoy Longfellow when you were young?
Well, I still enjoy Longfellow.
But it's so dated for you.
The lyrics aren't.
I mean, maybe some of them are, but my mother used to recite it once, the Schooner, Hesperus, etc.,
But I don't know if you've ever read Longfellow's exquisite poem called The Aftermath.
The Aftermath, the second harvest, after you've taken the first harvest, obviously, of life, and then you go back scrabbling around on the ground to see if you can find anything else possibly to nourish you.
It's a beautiful one.
But he was a superstar in his days.
Well, partly because he was so learned.
I mean, he was a professor at Harvard.
I have a first picture of his translation of Dante, which is really fun, because he really tried to do it.
Follow the, yeah.
And he was a, he had an exquisite gift for rhythm and cadence.
Do you know the Hebrew, the Jewish cemetery at Newport long ago?
No.
Oh, that's a great, great poem.
Down where the Turo Synagogue is, you know, near there, there's a Jewish cemetery.
And he goes and looks at the Jewish cemetery.
and talks about the long mysterious exodus of death, and talks about the ghettoizing of the Jews and the infliction of such hatred on them.
And he looks at the unintelligible writing on the grave and that he can't read.
It's called the Jewish, the Jewish cemetery at Newport.
And it is still there to be seen along with the tour from the group.
You know, we were talking earlier about Dickinson, the totally unknown in her lifetime.
Mm-hmm.
And at the same time, I often got to write a little less about this.
Yes.
Celia Faxter, almost an exact contemporary.
Celia Faxter.
Celia Faxter, yes.
Totally.
I mean, if you didn't do the island guiding with child has him,
You wouldn't even know who she is today.
And you read, some of her poems are delightful.
They're fun.
And she had these salons.
She lived in an island.
I thought, you know, here she's out on the island, up there.
And they almost, didn't they all intersect with Higginson, I think?
I think so, yes.
And I just met one of her descendants when I gave a talk to Chicago to the Highlands alumni.
He came up and told me that he was a descendant of Celia Baxter, and he was so very proud.
She was quite a woman.
Let me just do the Jewish cemetery at Newport for you.
It would be amazing.
I'm sorry the aftermath is in here, but it will be in the Hollander, I'm sure it's in the Hollander, two volumes, 19th century.
So you still have a great deal of admiration for Longfellow.
Oh, yes.
I think he was the most ultimate person in America.
Probably one of the very best-reads of his time.
And he was the one with the least provincial, because he was Spanish-rich and Italian, and came away to the mall and had traveled to Europe, and so he didn't have that position of the foreign.
of our Boston circles in which we move, and a people of any description of the crime, especially of the foreign Catholic dimension, and he was more prejudiced.
In that way, he was prepared, as was now built, to appreciate fully the dimensions of European culture and didn't feel defensive about it.
In spite of the fact of being very American,
in himself, um, and writing his American writing poems like Ty Walker.
No, I haven't asked you at all about the Jefferson lecture because I have it.
Uh-huh.
And, uh, but it is kind of interesting where you are calling for an expansion beyond the text for the, uh, the entire, uh,
Well, just to say, you ought to pose the commandments you take as the central objects of study, not the texts of historians or philosophers, but the products of aesthetic endeavor.
And then, by the arts, the cultures are principally revered.
And for a literary critic... Well, it includes the arts.
I mean, literature is one of the arts.
Obviously, but it's everything that you're saying.
Is this a departure for you, or is this going to more or less reflect?
Well, I just always felt that art was more about the main arts, and the subsidiary wants to, more or more interesting than either history, as it was presented to me in school, very boringly, and or philosophy, which also came as kind of pre-digested ideas.
It wasn't that you were working out an idea for yourself.
You're told, this is what so-and-so thought, and this is what Nietzsche thought.
And that's... I mean, they were working out their own particular systems, and that's fine.
But they weren't working the modern language for fields, to me.
And they didn't have the unity of works of art.
I mean, that's a beautiful whole thing that I like, the everything I really like.
So that philosophers don't have that, and historians don't have it.
And it's not moving in the same way that art is moving.
It doesn't have, it's not constructed around the emotions so much as around a kind of exposition.
And so anyway, I think if they taught students the ice, everything else would fall.
Everything would fall into play.
And then there was another quote, which I love, and it's from the symposium of poetry criticism from May 2000.
Yeah.
Anyway, here's a quote.
I would like to come back to the question of poetry and cultural context.
I don't myself think that I have ever connected with context in any way.
It's kind of what you're saying.
You like the beautiful things.
I was at Bookworm.
I was in the library.
I was in my bedroom.
I was in my study.
I'm not interested in groups.
I've never joined a political party.
I've never voted.
Is that true?
Never registered to vote.
I've never registered to vote.
I've never gone to church.
I've never belonged to a club.
I've never belonged to anything.
So context are, for me, in some ways, deeply spectral.
They don't seem to exist, and that is the deficiency of the kind of criticism I do is probably its virtue as well.
We all know the defects of my virtue.
It's marvelous.
That's true.
I just know it.
Self-examination.
I am a bummer.
I mean, I can't help it.
But in lieu of all these things that you don't do is the art, I guess, that does give you everything.
It's terrific.
It's a wonderful, completed thing that you were just saying.
And the people I like are very widely staffed.
I mean, I remember at one point a shrink saying, well, do you have friends?
And I said, well, yes.
But one is in London, one is in Utah, one in... And that's the case.
So you don't have a... I mean, there aren't any clubs of people who like beautiful whole things.
So... Nice sprays in our beautiful whole things.
Take all these things down.
Okay, well, you know, I don't really give him very generously for your time.
I don't want to.
Well, I know you're going to write his poem, but I feel very happy.
What I would like to do is let me transcribe this right up, what I'd like to do.
And if you'd like, I'd be more than happy to send it off to you.
Okay.
And if you think I...
I'm sorry.
Let me know.
No, but I'm sorry that I can't be more positive about the impact.
I know you want to pursue that, but it feeds into the big screen.
I mean, Beethoven feeds him and... Oh, but was Beethoven a reader, do you think?
No, I just mean in the state of culture.
I know that I'm picking up on things that you're saying, but... Certainly Beethoven had read Jennifer, and...
I don't know Beethoven's life enough.
I'm sure a name of Solomon's life itself also.
I don't know his letters.
But all I mean is, if you think of romanticism, things are feeding in from painting, things are feeding in from music, things are feeding in from literature, things are feeding in from the fact that the Grand Tour becomes possible and people go around to the Alps.
And so that there are so many convergences that all we know is that something happens.
But we can't give it a name.
We can't give it a source.
I have some excellent pictures here, by the way.
This is from the digital.
I never thought I would succumb, but I did.
You can see the picture.
Oh, yeah.
Well, I'm going to work.
Thank you very much.
Thank you for driving in from North Grafton and all of us.
Yesterday I had unbelievable rain.
Not only did I have bad rain, there was a camper that had caught fire on the Mass Pike, which I heard about on the radio fine, so I got off at Route 30 and decided to go through and made it, and I just got it to the teeth of the storm, which was... That was wild.
It was hellish.
It was very simple.
It's a great interest of mine, I suppose.
And I have collaborated on several of them with the Arian Press in San Francisco.
I gave a lecture out there.
That's right.
It was on your website.
We have a lovely turnout.
Yeah, he's a terrific person.
And I've done seven or eight books with him.
And I also just gave a lecture out there for him.
And he sent me this beautiful book, which you might like to just do as a curiosity.
I think you're interested in my book.
This is not one of the ones I did, but this is what I got as a prize.
Andrew's a character, isn't it?
Well, I mean, it's a unique thing that he's doing.
It's extraordinary.
But to do it successfully, I think you showed it.
Did you show your biofilm?
I mean, it's extremely dying.
That's fabulous.
I love the binding because it's got this little pocket so neat.
I mean, I've never seen that in a book binding before.
And you could just take out the little thing with an essay by Andrew and things about Franco-Hara and so forth.
And then, I won't trouble you with it all, but each page has a dying thing on it.
And the poem, some of them are just pings, but then some of them, the poem has
So it's the biggest artist's book I have ever had anything to do with.
I think poems should be placed on pages in accordance with their shape and form so that when
I did the limited edition of Stevens, selected Stevens with Andrew.
Stevens' poems are written in tercets, many of them, the wrong ones.
And many of them may have cantos made of ten tercets.
And in the collective poems, they run over from page to page.
And because some of the lines and the tercets are long, they have turnovers, so the tercets don't look beautiful anymore because they would have four lines because of a turnover.
And I said to Andrew, all I want is that the book be wide enough so there'll be no turnovers, and that long enough so we can get ten cantos, ten tercets on a page.
See, this is what the internet tells the paratextual element itself, where the internet could never do... Well, they could.
They can format things on the internet.
I suppose.
They can even do, now I take it, stop the split screen so you can do marginal annotations.
Maybe people will get used to it.
But the way the artist designs it is the way it ought to appear in the printing page or the published page, do you think?
Yes.
I think, yes, of course, the way the artist wants it to look, but commercial publishing can't usually observe that.
And so it's only in artists' books that you can really do it right, I think.
And when Andrew did Shakespeare's Florence, he did
only one sonnet per page, so it's a nice little square book, and, you know, it's just sonnet, sonnet.
So how did you find each other, Andrew and yourself?
Well, Andrew did a book which he may have showed you called Self-Fortrait and Convex Mirror of Ashbury and a Big Steel Drum with Convex Mirror.
Extraordinary.
Printed radio.
And so I got a call out of the blue from Andrew.
saying that John Ashbery had suggested that I do the liner notes for the recording of South Portrait that's included in the book, the CD, I mean, not CD, uh, LP.
So I thought, that's fun.
I love South Portrait and the Convex Mirror.
Great poem.
So I did the liner notes.
And then from there, the other projects grew.
I mean, Andrew was pleased with it.
Ashbery was pleased with it.
And so I had passed some kind of test, I guess, with Ashbery's approval.
And because Andrew comes out of that,
New York slash West Coast art.
And so the last one we did was a sequence called Squarings by, maybe he showed you that too, I don't know, Seamus Heaney.
And they're called Squarings because they are 12-line poems and four tercets.
And so they're different from sonnets.
I mean, they're close in shape and length to sonnets, but because they have four pieces and they're only 12 lines, they're different.
And they looked square on the page instead of looking rectangular like a sonnet, and that's why Seamus called them squaring.
So we did a very beautiful volume of squaring with Saul LeWitt doing facing page lithographs and whatever they are.
And that was, I think, a big success in terms of format and layout.
So he's very inventive.
Have you seen his voice on the Presidio?
Yes, I was just there.
That's where I gave the lecture that he gave me the book for.
Yes, it's a beautiful place.
I want to write about it.
One last question, because when you said that, it reminded me that I said, could I see the type in some of the drawers?
And he pulled out a drawer, and it was a very thin type.
It was absolutely...
exactly the correspondence to a wonderful poem by Walt Whitman, which you may or may not know, called A Font of Type.
Do you know that one?
I do know that one.
Yes.
That's what I do.
Within the pallid slippers slumbering.
And there they were, the pallid slippers.
And I think that's the best poem written about the potential of the alphabet.
What it can generate, those 26 letters.
And there's another one you said about the application of your peers.
I mean, he, you know, Whitman.
This book is self-published, I believe, the greatest humanity book in the history of America, but he gets the approbation of Emerson.
Emerson and Thoreau.
And Thoreau and others.
That's the big start.
That's the big one.
But isn't that interesting that Emerson was large-minded enough so that when this self-published book came in, by this net, he could say, greatest piece of wit and wisdom, you know.
The title of my new book is from a quote from Emerson, which is on the, I mean,
where's the first wonderland what's the feminine it's it's the epigraph which i my wife and i discovered in a in a volume of the dial magazine which we rescued at a discard sale wow and uh and oh you mentioned that that's on your website yeah yeah yeah and emerson i have the same so but my wife they were throwing away these styles for five dollars
What is this chapter there I call shelf life, and it's all about the politics of discards, and all from 50-cent discards all the way up to million-dollar discards.
Not throwing them away, but selling them.
The Massachusetts Borticultural Society selling off their... Their sales records?
No, they sold their books.
Oh, yeah.
In fact, I did an RFID piece for The Globe a couple months ago.
I'll email it to you.
Yeah, I was probably... Do you read your email?
If you don't mind, I'll... This email goes to my secretary at Peralta, yeah.
Yes.
Actually, I have it on my website, the Boston Globe piece, the update piece.
Well, I can find it on your website, because I saw that.
Well, they sold all the books at Christie's, and a guy in Chicago tracked one down, and it already chopped up, and they're taking it over.
All the illustrations, yeah.
And I went to Chicago just to pay my respects to this cannibalized book, and I wrote it for the Globe the week before the spring flopper.
But you used to say, oh, you got your blood money, you know, you got your five million dollars for breaking up what was ideally the greatest horticultural and botanic library in North America, you know, to continue doing this.
And the rationale was nobody reads them anymore.
Nobody uses the books now.
Well, they were, was it, wasn't it something you did?
They were throwing away the books that nobody had taken out during the past year?
Yeah, well, that's, I wrote that.
Yeah, yeah.
How do you believe?
Well, that's my shelf life, but that's the Emerson quote that inspired the title of this book.
But I love Emerson.
You talk about writing that really does hold up and resonate anytime you read it.
Yes, he does hold up.
And besides, I think his journals and notebooks were fascinating.
Apparently, his reading was very documented, and even while he was at Harvard,
He's a professor at Amherst down there.
He's kind of the Amherst scholar.
His great collection is now in South Carolina.
His works.
Documents the reading?
Yeah, I don't know.
I think he might even have read over at the F&M at some point.
I can see that this is going to be fun.
That's a fun book.
It's like the Mickelson's Berkshire stuff about that.
Well, yeah, well, Baker and I are more of an activist, and I write about him in here, and I write about him in my Patience and Fortune book.
Well, it's true that if you microfilm things, a lot gets lost.
Microfilming is done very carefully.
Remember Father Boyle at the Vatican Library?
He was the librarian, and I quote him in there about, he was editing the Aquinas project, the 250-year project.
whatever it is they were about a hundred years into it and they had one commentary come in and he said the guy got it all wrong you know you have to read it in there and he said what the heck and he said what the hell actually was Robert Boyle said and so they discussed it he was at a conference at the bar at Oxford and he said I nipped off to go to the because he had worked at the bar yeah I said something's wrong here and then he looked at it and I looked at it
And he said, well, go to hell.
There was an annotation in the margin.
He says, well, go to hell.
This is a priest, you know.
And he said he missed, he must have read it off a microfilm.
They only gave him the whole opening.
And everything that would have explained what was missing, I'm paraphrasing.
It's been a while since I wrote it.
But the whole culture of the copy, the surrogate, why is the artifact
The original copy is still essential to scholars.
You'll see from that one fellow, Xerox, that's a little machine.
And so it came out their face.
There's a whole chapter in there on copies.
Well, I argue, I write, if you were to suggest, what would you say is the greatest work of scholarship done from a copy?
It's easy if you think about it.
Champollion, the first time he ever saw the Rosetta Stone was afterwards.
They wouldn't let him see it.
Don't forget, he was a Frenchman.
They had ceded the stone to the Brits.
He was working off imperfect copies.
Actually, they had used the stone as a lithographic stone.
When they cleaned it up just a few years ago, they still found printer's ink in the Rosetta Stone.
He'd asked for a new cast, because there was another scholar working in England trying to be the one to do it first, wouldn't give him what he wanted.
But there was another stone, actually, a trilingual stone that they found, a bilingual, but it was the name for Cleopatra, which kind of validated or confirmed one of his findings.
And that was a work of genius?
It was a work of genius.
But it was from Syracuse, from copies.
But then he said later, Well, I would think so.
I write about the Mayan glyphs.
They burned, that Bishop Lander burned in one day 20,000 books.
And there were all these beautiful books made from the bark of these trees because, of course, they were pagan.
They were pagan, exactly.
They were pagan, yeah.
But the stones survived, and four books survived, and they were sent to Europe with Curiosities.
And it was from those four books, what is called the Madrid Codex, and there was a Dresden, and there was something else, and there was one for the Greatest, and there was a Dresden Club.
And it was from those four, and there was a Leshing, a Leshing epigrapher.
who was a codebreaker during World Watch.
It's only recently in the United States.
And what they found, I'm trying to get all excited about this, but Landa had written, he had been called back by the Inquisition.
He was really, terribly cool.
And so the Inquisition called you back because he was doing bad things.
And so he had to explain his behavior while in Mexico.
And while he did, he wrote a little thing over the alphabet.
He'd put the symbols and put in what the sounds mean, working with something.
So he did it like Eliot with the English.
Yeah, exactly.
And it was fun.
And then using that and the four surviving books, this Russian was able to do it.
And then that was the whole key, breaking the Maya code.
It's wonderful.
Wonderful, yes.
And it's trusted as the one remaining language.
And it's our alphabet.
A number of scholars say, you know, for a language, we can't understand a lot of the words.
It's very familiar.
Is that because there's no bilingual thing hanging about it?
Yeah, well, there are 13,000 entrusted documents.
There are a few, and I mentioned them.
They find a few, but they're not bilingual translations.
They are parallel descriptions.
They come close.
They don't have a lot of the words.
There's a couple of the scholars.
Well, maybe something will turn off.
It really has to be the... Do a Lexus Nexus sometime on Rosetta Stone.
Computers are stupid.
If you ask them to look for Rosetta Stone, it'll give you 5,000 hits.
But none of them are really talking about the Rosetta Stone.
They'll say, this is the Rosetta Stone.
I will never use that phrase.
When you see it, how often is the Rosetta Stone of motorcycle racing, or something that is quite a dot.
So you have to put Rosetta Stone and Champollion or something, and then you might get... Well, I mean, I would never use it as a metaphor, you know, this is a Rosetta Stone.
But I'd be looking it up to get the right Rosetta Stone.
Oh, yeah, well, yeah, yeah, well, what you do, Rosetta Stone, you put down Champollion, you put down
uh, hieroglyphics would probably get it for you.
I don't know what that would be.
And then, but what if I speak to you?
So, what are you wasting your time in the computer for?
You've got the book out.
I just got it too.
It is foreign still to me, even though I used to do it all day.
I use it all day with my eyes and it's filled my eyes on it.
That's the other thing.
She has a very gassy eye.
But you can't move the screen.
You know, people say you take it to bed.
But the fact is, you have to adjust your back, your chair, your eyes, and it's not tight, it's a pixel.
It's a flickering pixel.
And it's not good to the eyes, and it's not good to the hands.
I don't have coupled tunnels.
I don't know.
Coupled tunnels.
Yeah.
But you haven't got that.
No, I've got big hands, but I couldn't... Well, it's something to do, but I do get something to do.
Writing the kinds of books I do, you always find any detail that you want to insert someplace.
It's very practical.
It's so much easier.
And I will be in touch with you.
And if there's any follow-up, you won't mind my getting in touch.
Thank you for this.
That's wonderful.
And, you know, oh, there'll be an interesting little book.
You know, plenty of books.
That's a good statement.
Thank you for your book.
Would you like one of mine?
I have your books first.
Do you have the latest one?
All right.
I don't.
I'll look at it.
No, let me see it.
That's not quite exciting.
I will, uh,
I have to move all of my... I think that's why we can do it.
I have all of these.
She's actually going to read books.
And you write about them.
I write about them.
But there are books that I don't like to read.
There are books that I don't like to read.
... ... ... ... ...
Yeah.
.
Bye.